Title: The Sex Life of the Gods

Author: M. E. Knerr



CHAPTER FIVE


Detective Lieutenant Nolan Brice stood in the brush near the wrecked
aircraft, watching the men move about in the light of several spotlights
that had been set up by the National Guardsmen who had roped off the
area. The thick blackness of the surrounding forest, plus a glance at
his watch, told him that dawn wasn't too far away. FAA investigator
Dickson, a thin, stringy ex-pilot stepped around the scrambled bits of
wreckage and offered a light to the dead cigarette in Nolan's mouth.

"Thanks," Brice said and blew the smoke to the night. "What d'you make
of it, Mister Dickson?"

Dickson shrugged and pushed his snap-brim hat back with a blunt
forefinger. "Dunno. It's pretty dark to see much, but it's no private
plane."

"Why do you say that?"

"No wings, no tail assembly. Of course, it's hard to tell in the dark.
When it gets light enough, we'll know the story; but I don't know of any
private plane that looks like that one. Then too, the Army is holding
the news boys at bay. I think those two government fellows are playing
this one close to their chests."

Brice nodded and dragged on the cigarette, but he said nothing about the
speed of the thing. "Any bodies?"

Dickson shook his head. "The thing is pretty well burned, and the
bodies, if there are any to be found, could be all over the area. We did
find a kind of flying suit, though, badly burned and torn."

"Just the suit? No one in it?"

Dickson looked perplexed. "Bothers you huh? Me too. I can't figure out
why a pilot would carry something like that as an extra. Oh, well, it'll
all come out when we really start investigating."

"How long does a thing like that take?"

Dickson shrugged. "A couple of days, a week. Even a few months. It's
hard to say."

Brice nodded, took a final drag on the cigarette and tossed it toward
the wreck, watching the red ash burst near the wreck. Dickson had
wandered off to the far side of the crash-made clearing. Hell, Brice
thought, I'd better get that butt. Leaving a thing like that around here
could get me in trouble. They'd think it was part of the crash.

When he walked over to retrieve the butt, he saw the light from the
flood glinting on a small gold object. He picked it up and found that he
had someone's watch. The crystal had been smashed, likely in the crash,
and the hands were stopped at 4:15. The expansion band watch dispelled
his hunch that the pilot of the plane had been a Russian, or something;
it was a Bulova, and he didn't think Russians had them. But what cinched
the whole thing was on the under side of the face, in the light of the
spots, he could read: "To Nick, Love, Beth."

And suddenly, it was there! He knew the watch. He knew it as well as he
knew his own. Hell, he had picked it up at the jeweler's shop in
Everett, two years before, when Beth hadn't been able to get into town
and wanted to surprise Nick with it! Stunned and puzzled, Brice dropped
the watch into his pocket and decided not to say anything to Cartwell
and Morgan. Maybe it would cost him, later, but he couldn't tell them -
not until he had a better picture of what the hell was going on.

He lit another cigarette and stood there thinking about the watch. How
had it gotten here? Nick didn't know how to fly a plane, and even if he
had studied the art, could he fly an aircraft that cleared a speed of
two thousand miles per hour? Hell no! Nor had the watch been there, in
the weather, all this time.

Of course, Nick could have hocked the damned thing in some town when he
needed money, and by some quirk of fate it had been brought back to the
same area it had left over a year before. That was possible, but Brice
didn't believe it. It just didn't fit.

"Seen enough?"

Brice turned and saw Cartwell standing behind him. How long has he been
there, he wondered, and forced a grin. The stocky built blond grinned
back at him.

"Thought you might want a cup of coffee," he said.

"Where the hell will you get coffee out here?"

Cartwell waved an arm toward the foot of the hills. "A farm down there.
They wake up early around here. Sam conned the farmer's wife into making
coffee for the boys. Want some?"

"Might as well. We have a few minutes - in fact, we have a lot of time,
before daylight."

"Getting tired?" Cartwell asked, as they started down the hill past the
ring of soldiers.

"A little. More like anxious to find out what the tale is on that
wreck."

"You've been talking to Dickson, I see."

Brice nodded. "Yeah. Well, one thing we know. It's apparently some kind
of experimental aircraft ... like a rocket, or something. And, if it
isn't one of ours..." Brice left it hang and Cartwell didn't pick it up.

For a few minutes they walked in silence through the dew splattered
forests, homing in on the glow of yellow lights that winked at them
through the branches. Finally they reached the rutted, dirt road that
twisted along the stream bed toward the framed shape of the farm house.
Cartwell broke the silence as they neared the place.

"Don't talk much about the wreck around these people, Nolan. They're
nice folks, but simple natured. They plant by the phases of the moon and
the biggest event in their lives is going to the state fair. They're
Lancaster Dutch, recently imported, and they believe in the hex signs
they painted on the barn."

Brice nodded. "Okay, John."

The farm couple were strangers to Brice, but their type was familiar.
Pennsylvania was full of them. They were, as Cartwell had said, good
people. They were farmers, about three jumps above the witchcraft
believing stock that had given them birth and were hard to understand.
They were the stay-at-home type, to whom Pittsburgh was the Far West,
and if they were forced to move farther than fifty miles away from home,
their relations screamed that they would never see them again.

The woman, whose name Nolan hadn't caught, was plain appearing, with no
makeup and her hair pulled back into a severe knot at the base of her
skull. From the moment, she asked them in and poured their coffee, he
liked her. In her own, slow way she was a fine person, but her world
was the farm, her life was the soil.

"Have you found that poor pilot, yet?" She asked, setting the coffee
before them.

"No, ma'am," Cartwell told her.

The heavy set woman made a clucking sound with her mouth. "Honest to
true," she mused. "You'd wonder why a thing like that had to come to
be." She sighed heavily. "There'll be some poor woman in tears tonight.
D'you think he was married?"

"I don't know, ma'am," Cartwell said.

"It's the children that suffer..." she said softly and allowed the rest
of what she was about to say trail off as Dickson came in. He smiled at
the farmwife and she poured him a cup of coffee.

Dickson pulled off his hat. "I'd like to thank you," he told her, "for
being so kind..."

The woman looked pleased and flustered at the same time; there was a
tinge of flush about her face. "Bosh," she said, smiling. "It's the
least a body can do. I know I'd feel real glad to have someone helping,
were it my boy up there."

"Your boy flies?"

"He did." The woman looked a bit pained. "He was killed during the war."

"I'm sorry," Dickson said, and reached for a doughnut from the plate on
the table.

A silence fell over them as they waited for the coming of dawn and a
chance to really look the wreck over. Nolan was somehow glad to be
spared of conversation with the others. He felt like a criminal, with
the small gold watch in his coat pocket and he wanted to tell Dickson
and Cartwell about the thing. But he couldn't. For the first time in his
life he was delaying an investigation, hiding evidence. He was well
aware of the whole thing, but he was also aware of what the presence of
that watch meant. It was a personal thing now, and until he knew which
way to go, he had to keep the watch a secret.

If Nick Danson had somehow come back in that wreck and, if they found no
bodies, he would have gone to Beth ... the whole thing would be
complicated beyond belief. What would such a thing do? What would happen
to the woman he loved, if Nick Danson was back?

He stared moodily into the dark liquid in his coffee cup and wondered
where it would all end.




CHAPTER SIX


Nick awoke to sunlight streaming into his face and had a momentary
impression that it was dawn; then he realized that the sunlight had a
reddish cast to it. He blinked at the bedroom clock, amazed to find that
he had slept until late afternoon.

My God, he thought groggily.

His headache was nearly gone, he noticed as he threw off the covers and
swung his long legs to the floor. The soreness was still there, thumping
dully in his stiff muscles, but sleep had been deep and brought no fresh
nightmares to worry about. He cleaned himself up in the bathroom and got
a pair of slacks and a shirt from the closet, still feeling somewhat
like a stranger. While he dressed himself, he thought of the woman he
was married to.

Despite the feeling of being a stranger in a strange world, and of being
caught up in a strange set of circumstances, he found himself feeling
delightful tremors when he thought of Beth. Even now, there was a tight,
fluttering sensation in his insides when he thought of the talcumed
satin of her skin, the warm lift of her brightly nippled breasts and the
strong response of her rounded thighs. She was a beautiful woman. She
was sex all rolled up in a frame of gentle curves and soft flesh, and he
could see that to love a woman like her would not only be easy, it would
be a privilege.

He buckled the belt about his waist, trying to dispel the thoughts of
the woman, and went downstairs to the kitchen. Hunger gnawed at him
violently.

The coffee was cold. He turned the gas on under it and the note on the
table caught his eye. He picked it up to scan it briefly.

  DARLING,

    HAD TO RUSH OFF TO WORK. KISSED YOU GOOD-BY AND YOU SAID "GLUMPTH".
    BE HOME SOON. LOVE YOU TERRIBLY.

      BETH

He grinned at the note, balled it into his fist and threw it into the
paper can. When the coffee was hot, he poured himself a cup and fixed a
couple of sandwiches with what was left of the package of cold meat. As
he was finishing the last couple of bites of the sandwich, he heard the
thud of the evening paper against the front door. For a moment, it
startled him, then, when he had realized what it was, he was half out of
the chair... He paused there momentarily, then sank back into his seat.
He _couldn't_ go out there and get the paper - if the neighbors saw him
picking it up ... He sat there, waiting for Beth to come home, the
suspense digging into his guts with ragged teeth. Had they found the
plane? Were they onto him? Who were those two men? How did they know
where to find him? Why were they looking for him?

He drank damned near the whole pot of coffee and watched the hands of
the electric clock move with agonizing slowness. Finally, at five forty,
Beth drove up to the house and came through the door. Nick leaped from
the chair.

"The paper!" He snatched it from her hands and began tearing it open.
Damn newsboys for folding them!

"Nick! Aren't you going to kiss me?"

"Huh? Oh." He kissed her briefly, fleetingly, and returned to the paper.
The crash was on page one.

    WRECKAGE OF PRIVATE AIRCRAFT FOUND

    Everett, Pa. The smouldering wreckage of what was apparently a
    private plane was found late yesterday evening in the heavily wooded
    area north of the city by a young Boy Scout looking for a campsite.

    Benjamin Talbot, aged 13, after locating the mangled aircraft,
    promptly called local police who dispatched Detective Lieutenant
    Nolan Brice, Everett Rescue Squad and FAA investigator Arron P.
    Dickson to examine the wreckage.

    "It's the most unusual crash site I've ever seen," FAA investigator
    Dickson told local newsmen. "There's no evidence of wings or tail
    assembly. The fuselage is also of a strange design."

    Detective Lieutenant Brice, after checking with the airport tower at
    Everett, and with CAP officials, informed newsmen that no private
    aircraft had been reported in trouble, or even over the particular
    area in which the craft was found. "Of course," Lieutenant Brice
    added, "one plane may have gone unnoticed. This is highly unlikely,
    but we cannot overlook the possibility. What is puzzling, to me, is
    that the aircraft has not been identified and there have been no
    bodies found."

    "The Civil Air Patrol," Mr. Dickson commented, "has been most
    cooperative and are now engaged in an air search of the area, while
    rescue squads work in the mountains."

    Mr. Dickson went on to state that the mystery crash will be
    thoroughly investigated by authorities in an effort to determine the
    make and model of the plane, as well as the fate of its occupants.

    At present, the crash site has been roped off and placed under guard
    by local Militiamen. Only authorized personnel will be allowed to
    view the wreckage. Major Gilbert Donnoue, of the Air Force
    Experimental Wing, refused to make a statement as to whether the
    plane was of Air Force origin. "To my knowledge, we have lost no
    test planes. However, an extensive check will undoubtedly be run to
    verify this."

Test plane? Nick stared in amazement at the words that leaped at him
from the printed page. Test plane? What the hell was going on in this
screwy world? No wings? No tail assembly? No Mayday calls? No record of
the plane? The whole damned thing sounded ridiculous. Coupled with the
fact that he had been out of touch for thirteen months, it all became
weird.

And to top it all off, Nolan Brice was one of the men who had been
placed on the investigating staff at the crash scene. Suppose he, Nick,
had left something at the scene ... a fraternity pin, a slip of paper
... anything that would link the crash to the fact that he was alive and
in Everett. The whole damned bunch would be on his tail, before you
could say, "Jack Robinson." He...

"Nick," Beth pouted. "Will you pay a little attention to me for a
change?"

"I'm sorry, honey, but it's the plane." While she listened he read the
account aloud and, when he'd finished, they exchanged glances. "That's
the plane I was in," he told her.

"But you don't know how to fly."

"I must know, unless someone else flew it. That's the plane I woke up
beside. I must have been in the damned thing. But I don't know if anyone
else was." He buried his face in his hands.

"Nick. Should we call the police?"

"No!"

Alarmed at his violent outburst, she put her hand on his shoulder to
comfort him. "All right dear. I'm sorry."

"It'd been different, if those men weren't after me. I'd call the police
if they weren't dogging my tracks. I'd turn myself in just to find out
what the hell's going on."

"Me too," she said softly.

At first he didn't catch the meaning behind her words, then he blinked.
"What?" He asked.

"The car, the black one. It followed me to work this morning." She
paused, then added, "It didn't follow me home though."

Nick slammed the paper to the floor, his lean jaw muscles knotted in
anger. "That settles it," he snapped. "I can face whatever I'm mixed up
in, but there's no earthly reason why you should be subjected to it!
I'll have to get out!"

Beth threw herself into his arms, the ever ready tears welling in her
eyes. "No, Nick," she pleaded. "Whatever it is, we'll fight it. We'll
make out, but darling, don't leave me again!"

He held her tightly against him, his hands stroking the warm softness of
her back and spine. The perfume of her hair filled him with a heady
thought of summer fields of flowers, of sweetness and tenderness, of ...
love. Love. Nick Danson, he told himself, you _are_ mixed up. You're
falling in love with your own wife.

"... and we'll go away," Beth was whispering in his ear. "We'll pack
everything and go far away, where we'll never see these men again. Nick.
Please. Oh, please keep me with you."

"Going away won't settle anything, sweetheart. They'll always be there,
just outside the door. I've got to do something..."

He broke off suddenly and it flicked into his mind like a film of the
past, like a memory. The soft face of the girl, her hair a golden color
against the backdrop of the ochre mountains ... the softness of the pale
blue-green tree... She spun away from him, the loose, filmy blue dress
whirling about her trim ankles ... then she was coming back to him, arms
outstretched ... kissing him lovingly...

He shut it off, clamped it from his mind. A memory! A memory that made
no sense at all. A tremor of fear ran along his spine and trembled in
his flesh. What did it mean? What was happening to him?

"Nick?" It was Beth. "What is it, Nick? You look pale and frightened."

"Nothing. We'll go away."

She beamed. "I know just the place. The cabin. Far up in the mountains.
No one will know we're there. We'll learn to love each other again."

"You have to work," he pointed out.

She nodded. "That's true, still _you_ could go up there and try to
puzzle this all out. I can come up in the evenings, and on weekends."

"Might be a good idea," he admitted, thinking that at least, he'd be
safe from prying eyes.

"Then it's settled. You go sit somewhere and I'll get things packed."

She whisked away, almost running up the stairs to pack some things for
him. He walked to the kitchen, without turning on a light, and poured
himself a glass of water. Outside, through the window, he could see the
twilight fading into evening, the heavy purple clouds of night sweeping
steadily across the sky. A star winked later and he knew it. Venus. He
stood there in the darkness and picked out many of them as they
flickered into being. Mars. Sirius, Vega and others. There were...

       *       *       *       *       *

... She came into his arms and talk was insignificant and quite
unnecessary. The soft, white arms wound about his neck, tugging fingers
pulled playfully at his hair and she smiled at him. His lips moved down
against hers and they were lost in themselves. He could feel the taut
pressure of her breasts playing against his chest and the firm roundness
of her thighs working against his.

Her strong fingers worked against the muscles of his shoulders, pulling
him down onto the cottony moss beneath the strange tree. The small
litheness of her body molded into his and his hands stroked her breasts
beneath the filmy cloth that covered them. Her hands moved upward to the
straps that swept over her shoulders and pulled them down. His eager
fingers helped her, working the straps down until the firm mounds of her
breasts lifted their rubbery, coral tipped nipples toward the sky. His
fingers worked them, kneaded the warm muscles, while his mouth worked on
hers. When he had released her lips, she pulled his face down into the
twin cushions of her breasts. His hand moved against the flesh of her
thighs, caressingly...

       *       *       *       *       *

"Ready, dear?"

It was gone. Like that. A sudden flickering memory of some long vanished
event that might have given him some hope. It had been fantastic again,
the strange colors and the weird landscape, but he wanted it despite
that. She had stolen it, ripped it viciously from his mind; but she was
not to blame. He turned and smiled at her as she came into the kitchen.

She had turned on a soft light in the front room, but had allowed the
kitchen to remain dark. In the half-light of the room, he thought that
she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. It would not be hard
to love her, he thought again.

He reached out and took her by the shoulders, pulling her gently against
him to kiss her. Her mouth moved against his, satiny with desire, until
they parted.

"I'm ready, if you are," he said.

"For what, darling? The bedroom, or the car?"

He chuckled. "The car. The bedroom will keep until we're up in the
woods."




CHAPTER SEVEN


In the glow of the headlights, the car swallowed the road voraciously
and they moved toward the north country - not, he noticed, on route 87.
They had not been seen leaving the city, nor had they been seen packing
the car. The garage had a door that led into the kitchen, and Nick had
laid on the back seat floorboards until they were in the country. Now,
sitting in the front seat, he wondered vaguely if Beth, in her joy at
having him home, had given herself away to her friends. He hoped not. He
glanced sidewise at her and noticed that she drove with a smile on her
face.

"Is it far to the cabin?" He asked.

"Not now. We're almost to the turn off."

He lapsed again into silence, the old questions still whirling about in
his mind. Who were the men who were after him? What did they want? How
much had the FAA learned of the plane? Had they found something to pin
it on him? What were these tiny, fleeting thoughts that cropped up in
his mind? Was his mind trying to tell him something via the nightmares?
And what of his best friend, Nolan Brice. Where has he been? What is he
up to? It struck Nick as odd that he had not encountered the detective
yet: surely he and Beth had been close the past year. How close? Suppose
Brice stumbled upon Andy Hocum. Would the old man talk?

Feeling more helpless than he had ever felt in his life, at least the
life he remembered, Nick stared at the road until Beth turned off on
another road that was little more than a wagon track beside a small
creek. A few minutes of bouncing over ruts and stones, and she turned
off again, parking beside a grey, frame cabin.

"Here we are, darling."

They got out, each taking a box from the back seat, and Nick followed
her up the stairs to the porch. Beth set her box down and found the key.
A moment later the lock clicked and she shoved the door open.

"Wait'll I find the light, Nick," she whispered.

A moment later, the light snapped on and a soft glow filled the front
room of the cabin. They took the boxes to the kitchen and set them on
the table, then went back into the front room. Nick studied the place.

He liked the room a lot; there was a rugged manliness in the stone
fireplace and the knotty pine walls, mingled with just a touch of Beth's
femininity to make it neat. All in all, it was a well laid out place. He
was attracted to the oil paintings that hung about the walls.

"Like it?" Beth asked.

He nodded.

"But it doesn't bring back any memories?"

"No. Hell, honey, I can't even remember what I did for a living."

She smiled sadly. "Want to see?"

When he nodded, she motioned him to the other side of the front room and
opened the door. She flicked on the light and he stepped into a small
study filled with the trappings of an artist. Tubes of paint lay on
small tables, beside cans of turpentine, lacquer and old paint rags. A
half finished nude adorned one of the heavy easels. There were a few
water color sketches laying around as well as several oils.

"Want to see some of your favorite models?"

He nodded numbly, and she drew open a drawer in the table and pulled out
four fairly large oil paintings done on commercial painting boards.

The first two were of Beth, one a nude and the other a semi-nude, with
only her lovely breasts exposed. The second two paintings were of a girl
who was not familiar at all. In the first picture, a portrait, she was
seated before a table, contemplating a vase of flowers. A rather good
looking girl with jet black hair and a soft, warm looking face. The next
painting was of the same girl, but this time she had been painted as a
Hawaiian dancer and her skin was a trifle darker. She was a pretty girl,
but her face and nicely formed body didn't ring a bell.

"Who is she?" He asked.

"Her name is Janet Holman. She lives about four or five miles from here,
on her father's farm." Beth nodded toward the green filing cabinet in
the corner. "You have her file over there with your records. Doesn't any
of this ring a bell, darling?"

"No."

She looked at him sadly, her face mirroring the way she felt. "I hope
it'll come back, darling."

He reached out and pulled her to him, holding her tight. "It'll come
back," he whispered. "C'mon. I want to build a fire in that fireplace.
It's cool in here, even if it is summer."

They went back out into the front room and, while Beth found some
kindling, Nick wadded up some newspapers and stuffed them in the
fireplace. When she brought it in, he lighted the stuff and after it was
going good, he added a couple of logs. He snapped off the light and
grinned at her.

"I like firelight," he told her. "It's restful."

She smiled back at him. "Restful? I think it's sexy." She had kicked off
her pumps and was lying before the glow of the hearth on the thick rug.
He arranged the mesh screen before the fire and laid down beside her.

"Sexy, huh?"

"Uh huh. I don't know, darling ... the warmth of the fire warms me up, I
guess."

He grinned and dropped his head to the cushions of her breasts. Her
fingers played in his hair.

"I'm glad," he told her.

"You used to be. That used to be our favorite way of spending an
evening."

"Laying in front of a fire?" Nick asked.

"Not just _any_ fire, darling. This particular fire, sans clothes."

"Sounds like fun," he mused and rolled over to kiss the ripe redness of
her lips. Her tongue stabbed a blade of passion at him and her arms
pulled him close; then, after a moment, she shoved him away and stood
up.

He propped himself on one elbow and looked at her. Her smile was impish
as she unfastened the buttons of the white blouse and pulled it from the
waistband of the navy blue skirt. Her fingers unhooked the snaps of the
bra and dropped it to the floor beside the blouse. The firelight was
golden against the swelling lift of her breasts and the flat expanse of
her stomach. Nick felt the thundering beginning again to slam through
his veins with the holocaust of a napalm bomb exploding against the
ground as she unzipped the skirt and dropped it into a puddle on the
thick rug. He watched in pounding fascination as she stepped daintily
from the whorl of the skirt, clad only in the pinkish transparency of
her panties. Then they too were a thing of the past, and Beth was
smiling down at him, passion spearing from her eyes.

"Will I still do?" She asked.

"Do what?" He croaked.

"You know?" She laughed at him, kneeling on the rug. "Will I still do as
a model?"

He laid down flat and chuckled. "A model, sweetheart, is a small
imitation of the real thing. You don't look imitation to me." He reached
up and grabbed her arm to pull her down with him onto the rug, but she
jerked away.

"Oh, no, you don't. You have to undress too."

He grinned at her and peeled off his clothes quickly. She came into his
arms then and they made love, letting the glowing warmth of the fire
caress them hotly. His hands smoothed her breasts while his mouth worked
at the fire that was coming to life throughout her body.

"Just like old times?" He asked, softly.

"Better, darling ... much better."





